---
title: Amii Offering ML/AI Help and Tutorials
author: Mandy
---

**Calling all participants! FREE ML/AI HELP AND TUTORIALS**

[Amii (Alberta Machine Intelligence Institute)](https://www.amii.ca/) is contributing to the global fight against COVID-19 by lending our scientific expertise, amplifying and augmenting high-impact initiatives and acting as a catalyst for change.
If you have an AI-related issue you are trying to solve in your project, you can receive free mentorship from an Amii scientist at our designated office hours to enable you to troubleshoot your AI/ML systems and explore new ways to incorporate the technologies into your solutions.
Office hours for participants are limited to a 30-minute meeting slot at a first come, first served basis. Sign up for your meeting here.
Additionally, Amii will offer two free webinars to all participants – see details and sign-up links below:

**Title:** Working with Medical Colleagues to Produce Effective Predictor Systems  
**Date:** Thursday, April 16, 2020  
**Time:** 11:00  a.m. – 12:00 p.m. MDT  
**Presenter:** Dr. Russ Greiner, Amii Fellow and Professor of Computing Science at University of Alberta  
**Details:**
An increasing number of medical researchers and clinicians are starting collaborations with machine learning researchers. Join Amii Fellow Dr. Russ Greiner, a world-leader in medical and mental health applications of machine learning, to raise awareness of these varied issues and approaches, which will facilitate many future effective collaborations. [Sign up for Russ’ session here](https://share.hsforms.com/1x5niNZ8vRHKauS71VyZDLQ2ua2c).

**Title:** Introduction to Natural Language Processing  
**Date:** Friday, April 24, 2020  
**Time:** 11:00 a.m. – 12:00 p.m. MDT  
**Presenter:** Sankalp Prabhakar, Applied Machine Learning Scientist at Amii  
**Details:** Natural Language Processing (NLP) is a key application area for artificial intelligence and machine learning and for creating systems that can easily parse through or interact with human language. Join Sankalp Prabhakar, an Applied Machine Learning Scientist at the Alberta Machine Intelligence Institute for an introduction to tools, techniques and methodologies for leveraging NLP in application. [Sign up for Sankalp’s session here](https://share.hsforms.com/1d7f5vEQURBW96mkPAHmcUQ2ua2c).

Learn more about Amii’s COVID-19 response at [amii.ca/covid-19](https://amii.ca/covid-19).
